Games have always been my life.  They were my shelter from the world when nothing went right.  I could escape to a place where I was the hero, saving the galaxy (or in my case, Gunstar Nine) from evil.  I love games.  And when I was young, I knew that I wanted to work in the game industry, so that one fay I could help children just like me cope with the problems they had.

I started coding when I was in the 6th grade.  A friend of mine loaned me "Teach Yourself HTML Visually" and I started creating my own websites.  Granted, they were nothing more than color backgrounds with some text, but it gave me a chance to understand code for the first time.  And a few years later I would get the chance to code even more.  I was in Algebra 1 in 8th grade, and we were given TI-83+ calculators for the year.  And while everybody else took to the draw screen, I took to the program section.  I found code for some basic games online and started inputting it into the calculator.  By doing this, I was able to understand the logic behind the code, and I began developing my own programs.  I started with something basic - a planner program for me to write my homework down in.  Then when 9th grade came along I had a project - write a report about what career you want to have when you grow up, then create a booth like you were presenting this career at a job fair.  I had the perfect idea.  I sat down all weekend and designed a RPG battle system on the TI-83+, complete with upgradeable weapons and magic, and different enemy types.  It was my first real step towards game design.  I even took my planner program and redesigned it to version 2.0, with custom menus and archiving of assignments (if the RAM cleared, the variables for the homework would be saved).  It was the first time I got to show my programming skills, and my booth ended up being the most popular booth.

As high school went on, I found myself at a loss.  I needed one more class to fill my schedule my senior year, and was left with a choice - AP Calculus or AP Computer Science.  Knowing what I wanted to do, I took AP Computer Science, a java programming class.  The teacher never quite knew what she was talking about in class, so most of the class involved me teaching myself.  I couldn't afford to take the AP exam, but based off the practice ones I did I would have gotten a 5 on the exam.

I went to ITT Tech for college not because it was the best school, but because they offered a game design degree locally.  Finances were not good for my mother, so I worked a full time job while going to school to help with the household bills.  A few years at ITT and I realized this wasn't the program I thought it was.  the teachers were not familiar with programming, so instead they taught more and more photoshop.  We had a class about game engines where we were supposed to work in the Unreal II engine.  Instead the teacher decided to make this a "build your photoshop skills" class, and I was shot down when I said I wanted to learn the things in the book.  We had our BASIC programming classes early on (they have since been removed from the class schedules), and one C++ class which was really a darkGDK class.  I finally got a chance to show my skills on my final project.  I started coding a game for android.  Unfortunately my plans were too ambitious and I didn't quite finish the game, but what I did was impressive enough according to my teachers to pass me with a high grade.

My dream is to code, and working for IGN would help me realize this dream.  I saw the ad for this on the site and knew that this was for me.  This is my chance to make dream reality.